3. CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
3.1. Any License Key to the Software is the confidential information of 
Flashphoner. 

3.2. The Software and any copies thereof are the exclusive intellectual 
property of Flashphoner and protected by copyright laws and international 
treaties as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The 
structure, organization and code of the Software are confidential 
information and are valuable trade secrets of Flashphoner. You agree that 
any disclosure by You of Flashphonerâ€™s confidential information will 
cause immediate, irreparable harm to Flashphoner for which equitable 
remedies may be awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction. Except as 
expressly stated herein, Flashphoner does not grant You any intellectual 
property rights in or to the Software. All rights not expressly granted 
herein are reserved by Flashphoner. 

3.3. You hereby agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Software, 
License Key and other intellectual property of Flashphoner using at least 
as great a degree of care as You use to maintain the confidentiality of 
Your own most confidential information. You agree to reasonably 
communicate the terms and conditions of this EULA to those persons 
employed by You who come into contact with the Software, License Key and 
other intellectual property of Flashphoner, and to use reasonable best 
efforts to ensure their compliance with such terms and conditions, 
including, without limitation, not knowingly permitting such persons to 
use any portion of the Software, License Key and other intellectual 
property of Flashphoner for the purpose of deriving the source code of the 
Software or copying, defeating or otherwise circumventing License Key 
codes. 

4. TERMINATION 
4.1. Termination. 
If You are in material breach of any of its obligations under this EULA, 
and if You do not cure such failure within thirty (30) days after written 
or email notice from Flashponer, then Flashponer shall have the right to 
terminate this EULA.  

4.2. Effect of Termination.
In the event of termination, You must destroy all copies of the Software 
and License Keys. In addition You must remove the Software and all copies 
thereof, including all backup copies, from the Server and all computers 
and other media on which it is installed, stored or archived. If requested 
by Flashphoner, You shall provide Flashphoner with written certification 
that You have complied with these requirements. 
